Meeting 8 of March 2019
Attendance: Brede, Sandra and Magnus
Written by: Sandra
We started of the meeting by orientating each other about what we have been doing in the code until this meeting. 
We had some problems with a few the classes, as they were not finished and did not interact with the rest of the project. Therefore, we decided upon making an extra branch for the start menu development Sandra was working on. 
Magnus corrected the syntax of some of the classes as they contained errors and misspellings. 
Brede worked on the cards, as our players continued to get the same cards multiple times. He also got in touch with Faltin to fix our Robots behaviour and correlations with the map.  

...
